{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Geneva;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 ZapfDingbatsITC;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10500\viewh9600\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 MyRecorder\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs22 \cf0 MyRecorder is a QTKit capture player, a simple yet powerful application that demonstrates how you can take advantage of the capture classes and methods available in the QuickTime Kit framework. This QTKit capture player application will allow you to capture a video stream and record the media to a QuickTime movie. No more than 20 or 30 lines of Objective-C code were required to implement this capture player. \
\
Using Xcode 4 as your integrated development environment (IDE), you\'92ll see how easy it is to work with the QuickTime Kit framework. This example makes use of the QTKit capture control provided in the library of controls available in Interface Builder. The QTKit capture control will perform much of the work for you in implementing the design of the user interface for this application. \
\
For this project, you\'92ll need an iSight camera, either built-in or plugged into your Macintosh. You\'92ll also need Mac OS X v10.5, the latest release of Mac OS X, installed in your system. \
\
In building this QTKit capture application, you\'92ll work with the following three classes: 
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f2\fs14  \uc0\u9632 
\f1\fs24  
\f3\fs18 QTCaptureSession
\f1\fs20 .
\fs24  
\fs20 The
\fs24  
\fs20 primary
\fs24  
\fs20 interface
\fs24  
\fs20 for
\fs24  
\fs20 capturing
\fs24  
\fs20 media
\fs24  
\fs20 streams.
\fs24  \

\f2\fs14  \uc0\u9632 
\f1\fs24  
\f3\fs18 QTCaptureMovieFileOutput
\f1\fs20 .
\fs24  
\fs20 The
\fs24  
\fs20 output
\fs24  
\fs20 destination
\fs24  
\fs20 for
\fs24  
\fs20 a
\fs24  
\fs20 QTCaptureSession
\fs24  
\fs20 object
\fs24  
\fs20 that
\fs24  
\fs20 writes
\fs24  \

\fs20 captured
\fs24  
\fs20 media
\fs24  
\fs20 to
\fs24  
\fs20 QuickTime
\fs24  
\fs20 movie
\fs24  
\fs20 files.
\fs24  \

\f2\fs14  \uc0\u9632 
\f1\fs24  
\f3\fs18 QTCaptureDeviceInput
\f1\fs20 .
\fs24  
\fs20 The
\fs24  
\fs20 input
\fs24  
\fs20 source
\fs24  
\fs20 for
\fs24  
\fs20 media
\fs24  
\fs20 devices,
\fs24  
\fs20 such
\fs24  
\fs20 as
\fs24  
\fs20 cameras
\fs24  
\fs20 and
\fs24  
\fs20 microphones.}