{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww10560\viewh13300\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Read Me About IdentitySample
\fs24 \

\b0 1.1 (April 28, 2011)
\b \
\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 IdentitySample builds a utility which demonstrates how to use the CoreServices Identity API to manage system-wide identities.  These identities can then be used by applications to enable secure collaboration among users on a network.  The utility allows you to add and delete identities, change identity information as well as query for identities by name.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs28 \cf0 Sample Requirements
\b0\fs24 \
\
The CSIdentity API was first introduced in Mac OS X Leopard.\
\

\b\fs28 Using the Sample\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\ql\qnatural
\cf0 IdentitySample contains a search field allowing you to filter identities by name.  This is accomplished by using CSIdentityQueryCreateForName.  When the search field is empty, you'll see all the identities on the system.  These are the same identities that appear in the Accounts Pref Pane.  If you delete an identity in IdentitySample, you'll also be deleting the login account for that identity (their home folder won't be deleted).  After an identity is selected in the sidebar, the identity information is fetched and displayed.  You can change various attributes of the identity like full name, e-mail, add/remove aliases, and then commit your changes by clicking the Apply button which calls CSIdentityCommit.  Add new identities to the system by clicking the add button beneath the sidebar and fill in the required information.  Remove identities by selecting an identity in the sidebar and then clicking remove.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs28 \cf0 Building the Sample\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 This sample was built using Xcode 4.0 on a system with Snow Leopard installed.  Open the project file and click Run. This will automatically build the application sample.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs28 \cf0 Feedback
\b0\fs24 \
\
Please send all feedback about this sample to \
http://developer.apple.com/contact/feedback.html\
}