{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf330
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww15560\viewh16660\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Borders & Titles\

\b0\fs24 \
"Borders & Titles" is a sample plugin for Aperture that demonstrates how to use the image editing API introduced with Aperture 2.1.  This sample adds a border to and image and overlays attributed strings.  The sample code illustrates how to interface with Aperture's Edit API to get images and metadata from Aperture, make changes those images, and add metadata information to the user's Aperture database.\
\
The Aperture SDK for creating Edit and Export plugins can be downloaded at the following URL.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.apple.com/appleapplications/download/"}}{\fldrslt http://developer.apple.com/appleapplications/download/}}\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Sample Requirements
\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 The supplied Xcode project was created using Xcode v3.0 running under Mac OS X 10.5.x or later using the Aperture 2.1 SDK.  The project will create a Universal Binary.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 About the Sample
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f1\fs20 \cf0 PluginController
\f0\fs24  is the main class in this sample code which implements the 
\f1\fs20 ApertureEditPlugIn
\f0\fs24  protocol.  As part of the protocol, the plugin is able to communicate with the application by accessing the ProPlug API object in 
\f1\fs20 initWithAPIManager
\f0\fs24  and storing the result in the 
\f1\fs20 _editManager
\f0\fs24  instance variable.  The interface for the plugin is created by loading PluginUI.nib in the 
\f1\fs20 editWindow
\f0\fs24  method.  The 
\f1\fs20 BordersTitlesView
\f0\fs24  handles the image drawing and compositing of the border and any titles.  The 
\f1\fs20 BordersTitlesView
\f0\fs24  is populated in 
\f1\fs20 awakeFromNib
\f0\fs24  with the thumbnail obtained from Aperture.  When the user causes the 
\f1\fs20 done:
\f0\fs24  action method to be invoked, an editable version is requested from Aperture and the path to the fully rendered image is obtained and passed to the 
\f1\fs20 _renderImageAtPath:
\f0\fs24  method.  In 
\f1\fs20 _renderImageAtPath:
\f0\fs24  the full size editable image is loaded from disk and the border and any titles strings are composited into the image.  After the image has been rendered, our plugin then adds custom metadata and keywords to the Aperture database.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Using the Sample
\b0 \
Build and run the sample using Xcode.  You will also want to add Aperture as a custom executable in your projects for debugging purposes and ease of development.\
\

\b Installation\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Aperture Edit plugins are required to be installed in 
\f1\fs20 Library/Application Support/Aperture/Plug-Ins/
\f0\fs24   As a convenience the BordersAndTitles.xcodeproj includes a shell script build phase that creates a symbolic link at this path which points to the built copy of the plugin when the project is compiled.
\f1\fs20 \

\f0\fs24 	\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Changes from Previous Versions
\b0 \
n/a\
\
\

\b Feedback and Bug Reports
\b0 \
Please send all feedback about this sample to:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.apple.com/contact/feedback.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://developer.apple.com/contact/feedback.html}}\
\
Please submit any bug reports about this sample to:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.apple.com/bugreporter"}}{\fldrslt http://developer.apple.com/bugreporter}}}