{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\vieww10320\viewh11300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\pardeftab720

\f0\fs22 \cf0 BlastApp is a simple, "blast everything in sight" type of game, originally written for NextStep 2.0 back in 1990 and updated several times since then. The goal of the game is to fly your helicopter through twenty levels of deadly enemy bases, mines, and ships.\
\
If you don't want to deal with actually playing the game, you can enjoy the demo mode accessible through the "Game" menu.\
\
Use the arrow keys to accelerate up, down, forward. You can't go backwards. Use left arrow to stop (this will prove very useful), and space bar or period to shoot:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx620\tx1240\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\fs28 \cf0 		\uc0\u8593 	
\fs22 Accelerate Up
\fs28 \
		\uc0\u8595 	
\fs22 Accelerate Down
\fs28 \
	\uc0\u8594 	
\fs22 Accelerate Forward
\fs28 \
	\uc0\u8592 	
\fs22 Brake\
\pard\tx560\tx680\tx1240\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 		
\fs28 .
\fs22 	Shoot
\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\pardeftab720
\cf0 Your helicopter is equipped with a simple weapon system: It shoots one type of missile, forward. You have to learn to be creative.\
\
If you have a numeric keypad you have a little more control. Use the keys around the 5 to accelerate in the indicated direction, and 5 or 0 to brake:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\pardeftab720

\f1\fs30 \cf0   	7 8 9        \
  	4 \cf2 5\cf0  6\
  	1 2 3\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\pardeftab720

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \
For instance, 9 accelerates you forward and upward. Since you can't go backwards; thus the 4 key slows you down and eventually stops your horizontal motion.\
\
To start a new game, hit the New button (or the n key). To pause a game and continue a paused game, use the Pause button (or the p key). Hiding the application will also pause the game.\
\
Scoring is simple: You get one point for destroying any enemy object (missiles and bullets don't count). You also get ten bonus points if you end a level in under two minutes. The points acquired during a level are multiplied by the level number. At a score of 1000 you receive a bonus helicopter. Your high score and level are remembered between games.\
\
It's possible to design custom levels for BlastApp; see LevelFileInfo.rtf in the application wrapper.\
\
Happy blasting!\
\
\
\pard\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\pardeftab720\li1120\fi-1120

\b \cf0 BlastApp history:\
\pard\tx1020\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\pardeftab720\li1000\fi-1000
\cf0 Nov 90:
\b0 	First version of BlastApp, featuring 12 levels, written for NextStep 2.0\

\b Mar 93:
\b0 	NextStep 3.1 version released with more levels\

\b Apr 95:
\b0 	Converted to OpenStep; running on Mach and Windows\

\b Sep 97:
\b0 	Rewritten in Java using the Cocoa APIs; Rhapsody UI\

\b Dec 99:
\b0 	Fixed up for Mac OS X and Aqua\

\b Nov 06:
\b0 	Converted back to Objective-C; using garbage collection\
\pard\tx1020\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\pardeftab720\li1000\fi-1000

\b \cf0 Sep 11:
\b0 	Converted to use automated reference counting\
}